Dr Manjir Samanta-Laughton was sitting in a tree
contemplating some of life's deeper questions
when an entire tree of knowledge was shown to her.
The result shows itself in her incredible book,
Punk Science.
In Punk Science, she explains the science
that validates all of the mysteries,
up through hyperspace, angels, intuition and beyond.
In this journey back to our higher knowing,
she says the biggest obstacle
is unhealed human emotions.
(Eastern instrumental music)
This is not just a trip, it's a dance, it's beyond that.
Even you, in your book, Punk Science,
you take us all the way from
atoms through angels to black hole principle,
the black hole principle, as you call it.
And everything in there is so beautifully woven
in terms of connecting the dots.
The people you draw upon, a lot of our viewers
are familiar with.
And you take each of their parts and put them together
in an extraordinary way,
and can we just start out in a really simple,
rather pedestrian area, which is,
what is it about science today that is really
falling down to the point where people are looking
other places for their information?
Well, that's a really interesting question,
'cause a lot of people are talking about,
"Science has lost its way,
"there's no more exciting developments to be found."
And people are even talking about the end of science,
like there's nothing major,
all the great theories like relativity,
they're all in the past and there's nothing more
to be found.
But, when you look around you,
there are plenty of people that are having experiences.
Psychic experiences,
they're having multi-dimensional experiences.
And how can you say that there's nothing
to be discovered when these people are having
these experiences every day
and, in fact, I had a discussion with Professor
Richard Dawkins about this, where he was saying,
"But that's not science!"
And it's like, well people are part of our universe.
People are actually part of our cosmos,
we need to understand what they're going through.
So the trouble is, the science that we've had for so long,
the sort of mechanistic, reductionist, often called
the Newtonian science,
doesn't explain a lot that people are feeling nowadays.
And what we need to do is move into this new era
where consciousness becomes part of science.
For many, many years we've just ignored consciousness
as part of our universe,
and once you start to understand that consciousness
is actually the very fabric of our universe,
we can start to move into a new era.
Absolutely, I mean the intelligence, and,
this doesn't mean Intelligent Design,
and now this has really started
creating almost a backlash as people
are understanding that their questions
are not being answered through traditional science.
They're also not being answered
through traditional religions.
And so there's a wee bit of a battle going on
in that arena right now, and then Intelligent Design
comes in to all of it and,
I just wanted to make a quick comment
that you point out in the book,
even when you're talking about the Newtonian Principle,
which we've gone on for so long.
Even Newton had his own
experiences of getting information from
somewhere besides his neural mass.
Yeah, absolutely.
Newton was an occultist,
so what people often don't realize is
most of Newton's work
was actually to do with the occult,
to do with mysticism.
A small fraction was what we'd call
very clean mathematics, but you know what,
even his mathematics was about really
understanding the universe at a very deep level.
And he saw it in context.
But what people have done is taken the mathematics
and taken it out of its context
and it's become a very dry science.
So when we talk about Newtonian mechanics
being very reductionist,
we're not really talking about his work
the way that he wants to, which is quite ironic, really,
but that's what it's become.
And absolutely, I don't mean that the Intelligent Design
argument describing that.
What I mean is consciousness,
it's a logical conclusion from quantum physics
that consciousness is fundamental to our universe.
And so this idea that, okay, biology, for example,
does not add up.
A lot of things in evolution.
There's missing links that
make evolution quite hard to believe.
So what a lot of Christian and religious groups have said,
is okay, that means that God made everything
and end of story.
But I'm not saying,
that's the Intelligent Design story,
I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that,
I'm just saying that
if you take the conclusion from quantum physics,
that consciousness is fundamental,
and apply it to biology,
you can start to see why consciousness
goes throughout all evolution,
and you can see an opening for conscious evolution
that stays wholly within science,
and doesn't have to look for religion or other ideas
for its inspiration.
True, and one of the examples you use,
we'll just jump in at this point now,
that I think exemplifies it,
is the salamander.
(laughing)
And looking at the cell,
an unfertilized cell of a salamander,
why is it that the energetic imprint
of the entire animal is seen?
Why is that?
Absolutely, because that's work
that was done by
Professor Harold Saxton Burr in the 1950s.
And, so that's a really amazing,
it's against mechanistic science,
that the actual imprint of a salamander
is actually even around the unfertilized cell,
you can actually see the electrical fields.
And this is a kind of higher dimensional imprint,
a blueprint that is around all of life.
So it tells us that this imprint actually exists
even before the physical exists.
So, we're starting to understand now
that there's stuff beyond the physical,
there's a level beyond the physical,
and that's where the real intelligence and the consciousness
exists and the physical actually follows that consciousness
and intelligence in order to take form.
Yes, another case in point would be
the notion that mice,
for example, possess 95% of the same DNA as human beings.
Now what would be the differentiating factor there
(laughing)
to create a human being
versus a mouse?
(laughing)
Well you know what, they smell better.
And they can smell better than we can.
Because the differ--
More highly developed sense of smell.
That's right, the only difference between
mice and ourselves are the genes for the
olfactory systems, so some olfactory proteins in mice
are better, so that's their sense of smell.
So that's quite interesting but,
what it gives us is that we can't look to our genes
for who we are.
We've got to look deeper to our genes as to
what is actually controlling our cells,
and people who are involved with Conscious Media Network
will probably have heard of Bruce Lipton.
And so Bruce Lipton has done a lot of work on this
and how the cells are not controlled by our DNA,
but actually the triggers come from outside.
The perception of the environment
is what sends the signal back through the cell
and into the DNA.
And, what I'm saying is like, if you tie that
with the quantum physics, that consciousness
is fundamental to reality,
you then have, deep into the atom level,
where consciousness is actually driving the cells
and driving our biology.
And when you get down to it,
you have to go deep into quantum physics
to really begin understanding the how-so of all of this.
Right down to the notion of particles and waves
or particles that are waves of probability.
And can you talk about what that actually means?
Because this is everything, this is huge.
Yes, yes.
So can you just speak to that for a moment?
What's interesting is when we look at everything
around us, we think that it's solid.
But, what the quantum physicists did
in the early 20th century,
is when they looked deep into an atom,
they found that it was made up of lots of empty space
with all these sub-atomic particles buzzing around.
And deep to that, to these sub-atomic particles,
they behaved in a way that wasn't very solid at all, either.
And they exist as a kind of wave of probability,
so it's really an idea of where that particle might be.
So, the idea is spread out around this probability wave,
which is really a sort of mathematical function.
And it's only when the particle
is measured in a certain way,
does that collapse into what we would call
a point particle.
And a lot of experiments have been done on this.
Very famous experiments, the double slit experiments.
And some of these are the most famous and successful
experiments in scientific history.
So they tell us that our reality is really weird.
Sometimes it behaves like a wave, sometimes like a particle.
And the thing is, this behavior is what makes up
all of the things that we see around us
that we think of as solid.
So, within science itself,
you can't really look to a mechanistic, reductionist method,
because we have quantum physics, which tells us
that it's not so.
That we'd like to, maybe, stay in this solid world,
some of us, but what's happening is
that we're moving into this awareness,
and with films like "What the Bleep,"
and all the books that have come out in recent years
telling us about the implications of quantum physics.
We're realizing it's not as simple as that.
We're moving into this brave new world where
we have a different interaction with our reality.
And people are now more comfortable with that,
whereas maybe last century they weren't so before.
Right, they're becoming more comfortable,
there's still an awful lot of resistance,
Yes, absolutely.
in our left brain culture.
But, just to go back for a moment to probability,
just the notion of probability
is waiting for another influence
to create an outcome.
Yes, yeah.
And so what is that other influence?
The other influence is actually our own observation.
Until we measure the experiment,
you don't know what the results are,
and there's this famous thought experiment,
it didn't really do this, by Schrödinger,
Erwin Schrödinger.
Oh yes,
the Schrödinger's cat.
(laughing)
Schrödinger's cat.
And he was actually talking about it
because he thought this idea was observed
in quantum physics, so it was a kind of
taking the mickey a little bit.
The famous thought experiment is that
if you put a cat in a box with a source of radioactivity
that can release poison or maybe not.
The radioactivity is so-called a random process.
So 'til you open the box you don't know if
the cat is dead or alive.
So, it's in this strange state of super-position.
So it's the very observation of the cat
that determines its state.
And so it is with the sub-atomic particles,
so it's the observations of particles
that determines what it is.
So, for the first time in quantum physics
it was our participation and our observation,
and therefore our consciousness
that actually determines reality.
So, that's the thing that's got everybody excited now.
We've had the experiments for many years,
but it's seeping out into the public consciousness,
our participation, our consciousness,
our observation determines what reality is,
so that's what's so exciting right now.
Let's take that a little bit further.
So we're talking about the notion of consciousness.
If you look again to classical science,
once the neurons stop firing and we're
considered to be technically, clinically dead,
there should be no consciousness,
but in reality there's still consciousness.
And this has been done,
not only anecdotally, there have been
pseudo experiments.
Actually, you talk about one situation of a woman
who was taken to that point
through an operation due to a brain aneurysm.
Can you talk about that a little bit as an example
of consciousness extending beyond physicality?
Well absolutely, as you said,
the mechanistic idea of consciousness
is consciousness comes from neuronal firings in the brain
and nobody has ever been able to explain
how those two dimensional firings
actually bring into life
these inner feelings that we have,
these inner experiences that we all have.
So, nevertheless,
(laughing)
when people...
How do they explain it away?
How is it classically explained away,
just a "dunno"?
(laughing)
Indeed, people are really trying to do this
at the moment,
where consciousness neuroscience
and consciousness were two different things almost before.
It's a whole new field where people like Susan Blackmore
are really looking into how is it that these neurons
form consciousness.
And there's all sorts of ideas
like three dimensional holograms,
there's a number of--
So they're coming up with some ideas,
They're coming up with them.
but speaking back to that anecdotally,
for example, that situation would actually occur.
Yeah, that was quite interesting, because it
goes against all of the reductionist models.
And this lady called Pam Reynolds
who is very famous because
when she actually had her operation
she was taken really to the point of death.
So her brain wasn't showing any activity, her heart
wasn't showing any activity,
and we have great records of this, because she was
being monitored the whole time.
So we have actual proof that the time that she was
in this operation she was clinically dead,
yet she remembers experiences from that operation.
So she remembers floating above the surgical table,
she remembers the instruments that the surgeons were using.
And these were instruments that weren't shown to her before
the actual operation.
But when she woke up after the operation
she was able to talk about it.
She even remembers conversations
that were actually documented by the doctors and nurses.
So she remembers the things that were said around her
and the time that they were said as well.
She's a very interesting case,
because we have recorded the whole time,
that she was effectively, physically, clinically dead.
Because of that documentation, we can say,
well okay, the brain was not firing.
If consciousness comes out of the brain,
the brain was not firing, we have proof of that.
What was going on?
Why did she have memories?
Why could she hear things that were not actually
said to her before?
Why did she recognize the instruments?
So the reductionist sciences,
the whole newer sciences field,
they just completely dismiss it.
And often they do this with
these sorts of cases.
When they're flummoxed they just say,
"Don't care to look at it,"
and they don't look at it.
Yeah, they don't, they don't care to look at it,
and they don't want to look at the data.
But you know what, that's okay, because
people only see what they're emotionally ready to see.
And we can't go into judgement about all of this, because
if a soul gets things too quickly for them,
it's not a cosmic law.
So all that's going on with all these scientists
that are not able to see that,
is it's cosmic law, it's the cosmic order of the universe,
that they cannot, literally see this research.
It's not possible for them to see it,
(laughing)
and that's the cosmic--
Yes, that's very true.
Very well put.
That's a cosmic law
of consciousness.
And so there's no judgement in it,
in fact it's really great that there are
skeptics out there, because it all adds
to the mix, all adds to the color that we've got
in science at the moment.
But what's happening at the moment is more people
are ready to face this.
More people are intuitively feeling,
"Hmm, that Pam Reynolds case, yeah,
"I understand that.
"Yeah, that makes sense to me."
And it's not just her, there are
thousands upon thousands of chronicled near-death
experiences, for example,
where the exact same thing happens.
They may have been clinically dead.
Dannion Brinkley also on our site,
clinically dead for what, 20-30 minutes.
(laughing)
Lying on a gurney in the hallway.
And the same thing, coming back with these very
conscious, super-conscious experiences,
so this brings us to another point I want to get into,
because I find it fascinating which is,
science doesn't understand right now
how this can happen,
how you can have experiences
beyond the firings of the brain.
Another area is memory.
And I really enjoyed that portion of the book,
because it's bringing to light an entirely
different model for what memory may be.
In a nutshell, as I understand it, you're saying,
since science can't exactly locate where these
memories are in the brain,
the truth is that the brain is more
of a processing unit for processing information available
in the quantum vacuum,
in the universal mind,
whatever you wanna call it.
(laughing)
Can you talk about that,
because that is mind-blowing to a lot of people,
and yet it seems so fundamentally true!
Yeah,
it's really amazing to think that
mainstream science really doesn't know about
how memory is formed.
They know
certain remodelling processes that happen in the brain,
but they don't know what triggers it.
They can see that somebody has a bad short-term memory,
that they have certain processes happening.
But what is the fundamental thing that is driving
all this?
And that's not
answered in neuroscience at all.
If we take this idea that actually consciousness
is fundamental and not coming from the brain,
then the brain becomes a sort of transmitter device
for consciousness.
It still is important, and all of the neuroscience
that is done with the modern scans, the PET scans,
and all of these types of scans that are looking at
the way that the blood flows and the brain flows.
When certain thought process are going on,
they're all relevant, and they're all important,
but they're showing the way consciousness flows.
They're not actually the fundamental aspect
of what's going on.
The brain is just transmitting.
What I'm saying in the book is,
using another fundamental part of quantum physics,
which is that,
do you remember I said that
the wave is a probability
Mhm.
of where the particle might be?
Well, Heisenberg realized that
if a particle
could be anywhere along this wave,
so it could be in this room,
it could be on the Eiffel Tower, it could be anywhere.
So what you have around us are lots and lots
of particles called virtual particles
popping in and out of existence.
So you have a sea of light surrounding us
that's just popping in and out.
So these are these virtual particles
that now you see them, now you don't,
kinda concept.
And what these particles can be seen as also, are waves.
Do you remember I said,
Mhm.
there's wave particle duality
depending on how you see them.
So these waves can interconnect.
And these interconnecting waves of light
are all around us.
And where they interconnect, the actual crosspoint,
is where lots of information can be held.
In fact that's the most efficient information
storage device known to us.
And this is where all the information is held
from past, present, future,
of everything that's ever happened,
every single soul is held in all of these interconnections.
And because the universe is holographic, and we know this
not just from, this isn't a sort of,
"As above, so below," just a hermetic idea.
It's also an idea from mainstream physics.
Lee Smolin,
who produced something called Loop Quantum Gravity,
which is one of the leading physics theories,
says that the universe is holographic.
And that means that every single part of the universe
contains the information of the whole.
So all of that information is available to us,
of everything and everyone that's ever happened.
All we have to do is tune ourselves to be
good receivers of this information, hence channeling,
mediumship, all of those things that were previously
unexplainable, we now have a mechanism
and all we've used is quantum physics and logic
to achieve that mechanism.
So, thoughts and inspiration,
they all come from this quantum field,
and they just come through the brain.
That's why you have these moments of genius.
(laughing)
Absolutely, in fact,
I'm sitting here grinning because
about 15 or 20 years ago, that's exactly
what happened to me in a meditation.
I was fairly deep,
and I was shown the nature of how information
exists and is stored.
And I was shown basically a pattern,
a gridlike pattern with lines intersecting.
And where the lines intersected this light would come out
at the cross section, and I was shown that that is
how information is stored
in the lattice, for lack of a better word back then,
'cause I hadn't really started studying
quantum physics yet then.
And it was showing exactly the very thing
you're talking about and it made complete sense
in that moment, but there was nowhere to put it.
(laughing)
Oh, wonderful.
So when I was reading about
the interference patterns in your book
and other things through the years, I thought,
"Bingo, that's what I was being shown"
for reasons not understood to me at the time,
why I needed to know that but I found it interesting.
And so this gets into other areas though,
that really become at the heart of
a lot of what I think the resistance in science is to
and that is the notion, once you start going
through the area of quantum physics,
it starts taking you into hyperspace, Michio Kaku.
It starts taking you into the notion of other dimensions,
and suddenly everything starts becoming crystal clear
and making sense.
So can we talk about that?
The higher dimensions.
The higher dimensions,
and where the notion of the higher dimensions
have actually begun filling in the scientific questions,
the gaps in knowledge.
That's a really interesting area of physics at the moment.
That's an area called String Theory,
which is, definitely in the '90s
it was one of the leading physics theories,
which said that the universe, every single particle,
every single force, is actually a
tiny, vibrating packet of energy.
And these tiny, vibrating packets of energy,
or strings as they're called,
they can vibrate in different dimensions.
We're used to three dimensions,
like you go side to side, up and down,
backwards and forwards,
and then the other dimension is time is often added.
So sometimes we talk about a four dimensional world.
But most people know what you mean
when care to talk about three spatial dimensions.
Now, strings vibrate in not just these three dimensions,
but many, many higher dimensions
and that's difficult for us to realize,
to understand because we can't really
see that perspective.
But this a bona fide branch of physics
and the idea of hyperspace and these many dimensions
are useful for all sorts of areas of physics at the moment,
so it's a very popular idea right now.
But when you put that together with our first idea,
that you've got this fundamental nature of consciousness,
you then have many dimensions of consciousness
in the universe.
Okay, so what does that do for us?
Well,
who can reside in these higher dimensions of consciousness?
And I started to realize that this is probably the realm
of angels and spirit guides, nefarious or,
even entities, everything that you can imagine.
And I'm not saying that angels
and all of these things exist,
although I've had personal experience of them.
I'm not trying to convince anyone that they exist,
I'm just saying from the physics and the science
that we have already,
there's no reason in the world why they can't exist
because we have the mechanism for them
right in front of us.
We do, and this is where all the squabbles
seem to come in.
You have scientists saying, "Oh, charlatan,
"talking to angels and so forth."
But you have very
highly credentialed people throughout history,
I mean everywhere from Socrates forward,
who admit to having obtained their information
from an unseen force or voice or
actual being that appears to them.
Do you care to give some examples and speak to
some of that just to let everyone know
this isn't something new.
(laughing)
Absolutely, we're talk--
It's not New Age.
(laughing)
It's not New Age, absolutely
we talk about all this being
something New Age and something just of our times
but look throughout history as you say.
There's Joan of Arc.
She clearly heard a divine voice talking to her.
And she was able to do things
that seemed super human.
A young girl leading an army against the English
was just amazing.
She was only in her teens,
but she had that sense of conviction
because of the spiritual dimension that she heard
and she said in her journals that she heard angels.
There's also, if you look at Islam,
Muhammad was supposed to have heard
an angel Gabriel speaking to him,
and he was just a relatively ordinary guy
who heard this voice
and that's how a whole religion got started.
And you see, there's many examples and--
Well, the Virgin Mary.
Angels throughout the Bible as well.
Many in the Bible.
But not only that.
Throughout the world of science.
Throughout the world.
Yeah, there's many examples of people getting
inspiration from dreams
or just out of nowhere.
I mentioned Gerard Mcgagio in my book.
He said "It fell out of the sky," his theory.
Where does this all come from?
It's just amazingly rich, it's not a new thing at all.
It's great that people can start to talk about this
more openly, and there's more of a dialogue going on
about people's experiences right now.
And what I like in what you've done
is you're really
taking the, in a sense you're adding mysticism
back to science, but you're taking it out of it
at the same time.
(laughing)
In that you're allowing for consciousness to bubble up
through all of this in connecting the dots,
and to allow for people to begin exploring
the notion of their own consciousness.
And allowing what they have felt maybe
have been anomalous events in their lives
or the lives of others,
to start taking some place of importance in their lives.
So we need to begin listening,
if we're living in a multi-dimensional universe.
And Michio Kaku says they've been able to measure
up to eleven dimensions now.
Maybe more, 26.
There may be more, 26, yes.
(laughing)
Well, on camera he would only say for sure eleven,
but that's a lot since we're living in only three,
supposedly, or four debateably.
So if we're looking at the notion of many, many dimensions,
then we're looking at the notion of people or beings
perhaps like you and I, sitting in this very space we're in,
doing something else or something similar.
We're not aware of them, they're not aware of us
because we're at different densities,
we're at different frequencies.
And it's really that simple.
Why does it seem that it's such
a complex thing for people to get their minds around?
What are we blocked en masse, where are we
blocked en masse at the notion that
we could have teams of people in this room
with us in other dimensions doing many things.
Well I think a lot of it is to do with
expansion of awareness.
And it's all existing around us, but we're not aware of it.
A lot of that journey to awareness is actually
working on ourselves,
our actual inner emotions.
If people are very bogged down with emotional troubles,
they can't expand.
They're feeling so,
I worked with underprivileged families
in England at some point
and what was very interesting was
these families actually did want to move on
with their lives, but because of things that were just
holding them back from their emotions of childhood,
they were unable to get through that inner prison.
And as soon as the emotional work had actually
been done with them, they expanded their awareness,
and they started becoming aware of the other dimensions.
They started to heal, they started to learn how to be
Reiki healers and all sorts of things
and they also started to go back to work
and expand their lives.
So I think a lot of the things that needed to be done
to actually expand awareness
is actually the inner emotional work.
And when that happens, you can actually
shift frequency, 'cause what you're doing,
as I mentioned Dean Martini in my book,
you're actually bringing together this sort of
matter, the electron which is the matter region
and the positron which is the anti-matter region,
where all your sub-conscious emotions are held.
And those two, if they're too heavy,
they'll hold you down in space and time.
But when you bring that emotional awareness to your life,
you're actually joining the two together
and moving that into light.
And that moves you higher and higher in your own life
and expands your awareness.
It doesn't necessarily make your life more simple,
but what it does is it expands your awareness
so you're able to look up and see
and become aware of the things around you
and even multi-dimensions.
So that, on a global scale
is really what's happening right now.
It really is.
It seems like we've reached that,
for lack of a better metaphor, hundredth monkey
(laughing)
place.
And like you say, a lot of the healing,
a lot of the new healing modalities that are taking place
are actually,
would be considered to be inter-dimensional
in nature.
And so to be able to open up to the very highest
possibilities in healing, we have to
at least come out of the,
you said we were prisoners to our emotions.
We also have to come out of the mental prisons.
Because out of fear of being ridiculed.
Again, fear is an emotion.
So fear of being ridiculed, fear of being embarrassed,
I think is such a human drive that is often ignored
because it probly comes from, again,
more of the animal instincts in us, I think,
where if we are embarrassed we'll be left out of the tribe,
we won't have the comfort of the tribe.
I think that's a huge drive which we often don't address.
That emotion, what that feels like.
But you've been talking to David Ack-Rees again,
if anybody knows this it's him.
And he talks about the freedom that you get
when you actually go forth and speak your true voice
no matter what.
And he really knows where he's coming from on that.
So there is that freedom if you break through that ridicule
and break through that embarrassment,
you'll actually find a lot more in your life than before.
And these aren't new concepts, these are old,
these are ancient.
A lot of the ancient religions
or spiritual systems already understood the notion
of multi-dimensionality, already understood healing
by way of collapsing time-space and so forth.
Including India's eminent religions,
emanating out of India, out of Egypt.
So we're really,
how much of what we need to learn can we find
by going, what do you call it,
back to the future?
(laughing)
Well, the interesting thing with science
is because it is really what the Western world look to.
Maybe in other parts of the world
we've got different paradigms,
but the moment in the West, we listen to science.
And when I go around doing my lectures
you see that yes in the esoteric knowledge,
but there's something about science that has a hold on us
at the moment, and when they hear that okay,
an angel can be a consciousness into higher dimensions
and that's from String Theory and when people hear that
it makes them kind of more relaxed in a way that
they didn't even know that they needed to be.
So it helps them on their spiritual journey
to know, it's okay, there's a scientific explanation.
So it's all out there, but there's something particularly
delicious I think about how science has gone
completely away from the mysticism and the old ideas
only to come right back to them.
(laughing)
It's quite funny.
I think it is, too, and you're absolutely right.
It allows people to feel safe, I mean
your work I think is beautiful.
Even the name, calling it Punk Science,
first of all, how did you come up with Punk Science,
I love it.
Oh gosh, it was about five years ago,
and it just came out, it just came through
and at the same time the picture on the front cover
with the atom with a safety pin.
(laughing)
Yeah, I love it.
I just sort of held a vision and for a while I was like,
"Oh I have to call it something more,"
you know, more serious.
And it just kept coming and coming
and I ended up having a few journeys of my own
to go through like getting in touch with my inner punk,
(laughing)
and doing all that side of things
to do the work to be comfortable with it myself
and I'm really glad I kept with it because it's just
opened doors, people love it,
Oh, they do,
they respond to it.
I love it,
(laughing)
I'm so glad you continued
on that path, too.
We're talking about all this,
in one of the little sub-chapter headings you have here,
"What you vibrate, you create,"
and we've kind of hit on all of that but,
you really start going into deep space with all of this,
and you start moving toward
the black hole principle.
And can you,
because we don't want to do the whole book right now.
It would take us hours and hours
and people will need to pick up a copy,
but let's talk about matter, anti-matter
and the black hole principle,
and what the fundamental principles are at work here,
that drive us back to this understanding.
Well, this is really sort of the main thesis of the book.
I didn't know that when I started it, but,
what I started to look at was cosmology,
and the whole field of cosmology looks at
the universe as a whole, Big Bang Theory,
those are all parts of cosmology,
and started to study black holes.
And, it was when I was trying to piece all the data
and everything together that I realized,
hang on a minute.
I had this massive flash,
and I realized that,
well it was kind of a strong vision actually,
that black holes are actually creative.
So what we see in our telescopes is not that black holes are
these big guzzling machines,
Sucks.
yeah,
(laughing)
but what we see in our telescopes
now that we've got the instruments to actually measure,
is we see, black holes are actually spewing out
loads of material at the speed of light.
So what I'm saying in my book is actually black holes
are not black at all, they're the source of infinite light,
that that source is infinity,
actually comes out, spirals out,
gets to the edge of our reality,
which is no longer called The Event Horizon,
it's called the Perception Horizon,
so that's now the edge--
That's a very, very big distinction.
Yeah, that's the edge of our normal conscious awareness.
So again, it's at the speed of light, but it's not to do
with speed, it's actually to do with limitations
of normal consciousness.
So this is a conscious world of mass.
So what the light does, it gets to the edge of that
Perception Horizon, and then the light splits
into an electron and a positron,
and the positron goes into this anti-matter world
which is our shadow world,
and the mirror world which we're not normally
in contact with but we call it, it's in the region
of C-squared, speed of light squared.
And ours goes into the matter world,
and that's the world that we see around us.
But let's talk about the importance
of the mirror world.
(laughing)
The dance between the two.
It doesn't just stop at
creating the matter and anti-matter.
It actually goes into a dance where
the two combine into light as well.
But the mirror world is interesting because
anti-matter was thought to not exist.
People don't know where it is.
It was supposed to have disappeared in the Big Bang.
But actually, if you shift and realize
that this C-squared region, this shadow region
was there all along.
You can see that this is the source of the divine feminine.
And this is what's talked about
in a lot of the ancient texts.
And the C-squared region has the quality of negative time,
so even things like the Gnostic gospels talk about
the Divine Mother having forethought,
so it's the forethought which is the time
going the other way.
So it's really interesting when I started to look
and see that this mirror principle is happening,
it's been known about for centuries.
But what it gives us is this region that we normally call
the aura.
So, the black hole principle actually happens
at every single level of the universe.
I've put it in the book, it's too much to go into now,
but all the evidence about the same principle
happening in the Sun, in the planets, in comets even.
Even in our own planet that we actually get
these gamma rays created.
And these faster than the speed of light,
we can see them in the Earth's upper atmosphere.
So we get them at every single level,
and even at the level within us.
So at the level of the chakra,
the black hole creates,
the matter creates our bodies,
and the anti-matter creates our aura.
So again, at the level of DNA
that's all the same process going on there,
and there's experiments to show us
the light coming off DNA,
as well so, it's this fractal process
that goes all the way down to our cells,
to our atoms, every single level.
And it connects us all to this infinity at the center
that's happening at every single level.
We're all connected to this infinity at the center
from our deepest atom to the biggest galaxy.
So that's--
(laughing)
It's so beautiful dance, I might say.
Michio Kaku said to me he was looking for
the Theory of Everything reduced to a one inch equation,
can you do the Theory of Everything in a paragraph?
(laughing)
Infinity.
It's the part that physicists don't want to,
(laughing)
can do better than that.
It's the part that physicists hate,
because infinity, in fact Heisenberg himself said
that the quantum field that we were talking about earlier,
is actually black holes that have an infinity at the center,
but he didn't trust his results so he ended up
changing it to this quantum field
that we're not familiar with.
So, everywhere we look in physics
we're finding infinities that people
are trying to fudge out.
But actually, that is the sure answer
to the Theory of Everything.
The infinite is actually playing a dance with itself,
and actually pretending to be split.
And then just going in and breathing in and out
all the time.
And mirroring itself all the time.
Well, I cannot recommend highly enough that people
pick up a copy of this book but also
I really am setting my intention to spend
much more time with you because we need to explore
a lot more of this into the future.
And thank you so much for taking the time
to come here today.
Oh, thank you.
I just wish you the very best,
you've done beautiful work.
Oh, thank you.
If you loved what you just saw,
please click on the link below to pick up a copy
of Punk Science.
This work is so important, we hope to do
more work with Manjir in the future.
Meanwhile, also in this month's lineup
is David Icke, who talks about the nature of reality
from a computer model point of view.
You won't want to miss that interview.
Our best interview yet with David.
Until next time, thanks for watching.
(Eastern instrumental music)